---
layout: page
title: ECO 104 
description: <strong> Statistics for Business and Economics I</strong>
giscus_comments: false
related_posts: false
toc:
  sidebar: left
---
<!-- {% if page.subtitle %}{{ page.subtitle }}{% endif %} -->


This is the first course in the sequence of two Statistics courses offered for the Economics and Business
students at EWU (the next one is ECO 204). The course will cover


1. Basic ideas about Statistics and Data Sets.
2. Some Descriptive Statistical Methods (Both Graphical and Numerical).
3. Introduction to Probability Theory (i.e.,Probability Definitions, Random Variables and Distributions).
4. Ideas about Sampling Distributions.
5. Index numbers.

The approach of the class includes both learning the concepts and also how to apply them in real-life
situations. Students will also be introduced to Microsoft Excel for applications related to business and
economic data.

## Prerequisite Courses:

MAT100 or at least equivalent Math courses.

## Lecture Notes

1. [Ch 1 - Descriptive Statistics](../eco104/01_desc_stats/01_desc_stats.pdf) 
2. [Ch 2 - Probability Theory - 1](../eco104/02_prob_theory_1/02_prob_theory_1.pdf) 
3. [Ch 3 - Probability Theory - 2](../eco104/03_prob_theory_2/03_prob_theory_2.pdf) 
4. [Ch 4 - Probability Theory - 3](../eco104/04_prob_theory_3/04_prob_theory_3.pdf) 
5. [Ch 5 - Sampling Distributions](../eco104/05_sampling_dist/05_sampling_dist.pdf) 


## Textbooks 
There will be lecture notes (typed), and you should definitely read that first. In addition, I recommend to
use any of the following books for exercises and practice problems.
1. Anderson, Sweeney, Williams, Camm, Cochran, Fry and Ohlmann (2020)
2. Newbold, Carlson and Thorne (2020)
Following books are a bit advanced at this level, but nevertheless these are also excellent references.
• DeGroot and Schervish (2012)
• Casella and Berger (2002)

This post shows how to add a table of contents as a sidebar.

## Adding a Table of Contents

To add a table of contents to a post as a sidebar, simply add
```yml
toc:
  sidebar: left
```
to the front matter of the post. The table of contents will be automatically generated from the headings in the post. If you wish to display the sidebar to the right, simply change `left` to `right`.

### Example of Sub-Heading 1

Jean shorts raw denim Vice normcore, art party High Life PBR skateboard stumptown vinyl kitsch. Four loko meh 8-bit, tousled banh mi tilde forage Schlitz dreamcatcher twee 3 wolf moon. Chambray asymmetrical paleo salvia, sartorial umami four loko master cleanse drinking vinegar brunch. <a href="https://www.pinterest.com">Pinterest</a> DIY authentic Schlitz, hoodie Intelligentsia butcher trust fund brunch shabby chic Kickstarter forage flexitarian. Direct trade <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold-pressed_juice">cold-pressed</a> meggings stumptown plaid, pop-up taxidermy. Hoodie XOXO fingerstache scenester Echo Park. Plaid ugh Wes Anderson, freegan pug selvage fanny pack leggings pickled food truck DIY irony Banksy.

### Example of another Sub-Heading 1

Jean shorts raw denim Vice normcore, art party High Life PBR skateboard stumptown vinyl kitsch. Four loko meh 8-bit, tousled banh mi tilde forage Schlitz dreamcatcher twee 3 wolf moon. Chambray asymmetrical paleo salvia, sartorial umami four loko master cleanse drinking vinegar brunch. <a href="https://www.pinterest.com">Pinterest</a> DIY authentic Schlitz, hoodie Intelligentsia butcher trust fund brunch shabby chic Kickstarter forage flexitarian. Direct trade <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold-pressed_juice">cold-pressed</a> meggings stumptown plaid, pop-up taxidermy. Hoodie XOXO fingerstache scenester Echo Park. Plaid ugh Wes Anderson, freegan pug selvage fanny pack leggings pickled food truck DIY irony Banksy.

## Customizing Your Table of Contents
{:data-toc-text="Customizing"}

If you want to learn more about how to customize the table of contents of your sidebar, you can check the [bootstrap-toc](https://afeld.github.io/bootstrap-toc/) documentation. Notice that you can even customize the text of the heading that will be displayed on the sidebar.

### Example of Sub-Heading 2

Jean shorts raw denim Vice normcore, art party High Life PBR skateboard stumptown vinyl kitsch. Four loko meh 8-bit, tousled banh mi tilde forage Schlitz dreamcatcher twee 3 wolf moon. Chambray asymmetrical paleo salvia, sartorial umami four loko master cleanse drinking vinegar brunch. <a href="https://www.pinterest.com">Pinterest</a> DIY authentic Schlitz, hoodie Intelligentsia butcher trust fund brunch shabby chic Kickstarter forage flexitarian. Direct trade <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold-pressed_juice">cold-pressed</a> meggings stumptown plaid, pop-up taxidermy. Hoodie XOXO fingerstache scenester Echo Park. Plaid ugh Wes Anderson, freegan pug selvage fanny pack leggings pickled food truck DIY irony Banksy.

### Example of another Sub-Heading 2

Jean shorts raw denim Vice normcore, art party High Life PBR skateboard stumptown vinyl kitsch. Four loko meh 8-bit, tousled banh mi tilde forage Schlitz dreamcatcher twee 3 wolf moon. Chambray asymmetrical paleo salvia, sartorial umami four loko master cleanse drinking vinegar brunch. <a href="https://www.pinterest.com">Pinterest</a> DIY authentic Schlitz, hoodie Intelligentsia butcher trust fund brunch shabby chic Kickstarter forage flexitarian. Direct trade <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cold-pressed_juice">cold-pressed</a> meggings stumptown plaid, pop-up taxidermy. Hoodie XOXO fingerstache scenester Echo Park. Plaid ugh Wes Anderson, freegan pug selvage fanny pack leggings pickled food truck DIY irony Banksy.
